---
layout: post
title: "leetcode summary (2016/10-12undating)"
category: [Others]
tag: [programming]
date: 2016-11-18 19:20:00
comments: true
---

## <a href="http://blog.csdn.net/alivirus/article/details/53265929">1/15/16/18/454 K-sum algorithoms</a>
    *16/11/21*
    
## <a href="http://blog.csdn.net/alivirus/article/details/53221481">41. First Missing Positive</a>
    *16/11/18*
    
    Given an unsorted integer array, find the first missing positive integer.
    For example,
    Given [1,2,0] return 3,
    and [3,4,-1,1] return 2.
    Your algorithm should run in O(n) time and uses constant space.
    
<!-- more -->

## <a href="http://blog.csdn.net/alivirus/article/details/53282647">56/57. Merge Intervals; Insert Interval</a>
    *16/10/22*
    56. Merge Intervals
    Given a collection of intervals, merge all overlapping intervals.
    For example,
    Given [1,3],[2,6],[8,10],[15,18],
    return [1,6],[8,10],[15,18].
    
    57. Insert Interval
    Given a set of non-overlapping intervals, insert a new interval into the intervals (merge if necessary).
    You may assume that the intervals were initially sorted according to their start times.
    Example 1:
    Given intervals [1,3],[6,9], insert and merge [2,5] in as [1,5],[6,9].
    Example 2:
    Given [1,2],[3,5],[6,7],[8,10],[12,16], insert and merge [4,9] in as [1,2],[3,10],[12,16].
    This is because the new interval [4,9] overlaps with [3,5],[6,7],[8,10].
    
## <a href="http://blog.csdn.net/alivirus/article/details/53283318">75. Sort Colors</a>
    *16/10/22*
    Given an array with n objects colored red, white or blue, sort them so that objects of the same color are adjacent, with the colors in the order red, white and blue.
    Here, we will use the integers 0, 1, and 2 to represent the color red, white, and blue respectively.
    Note:
    You are not suppose to use the library's sort function for this problem.
    
## <a href="http://blog.csdn.net/alivirus/article/details/52754071">136/137/260. Single Number I-II-III</a>
    *16/10/08*
    
    1. Given an array of integers, every element appears twice except for one. Find that single one.
    Note:Your algorithm should have a linear runtime complexity. Could you implement it without using extra memory?
    
    2. Given an array of integers, every element appears three times except for one. Find that single one.
    Note:Your algorithm should have a linear runtime complexity. Could you implement it without using extra memory?
    
    3. Given an array of numbers nums, in which exactly two elements appear only once and all the other elements appear exactly twice. Find the two elements that appear only once.
    For example:
    Given nums = [1, 2, 1, 3, 2, 5], return [3, 5].
    Note:The order of the result is not important. So in the above example, [5, 3] is also correct.
    Your algorithm should run in linear runtime complexity. Could you implement it using only constant space complexity?
    
## <a href="http://blog.csdn.net/alivirus/article/details/52503910">169\229- Majority Element</a>
    _16/09/11_
    
    Given an array of size n, find the majority element. The majority element is the element that appears more than n/2 times.
    You may assume that the array is non-empty and the majority element always exist in the array.

## <a href="http://blog.csdn.net/alivirus/article/details/52504463">189 - rotate array</a>
    _16/09/11_
    
    Rotate an array of n elements to the right by k steps.
    For example, with n = 7 and k = 3, the array [1,2,3,4,5,6,7] is rotated to [5,6,7,1,2,3,4].
    Could you do it in-place with O(1) extra space?

## <a href="http://blog.csdn.net/alivirus/article/details/52756000">349/350 Intersection of Two Arrays I-II</a>
    _16/10/08_
    1.Given two arrays, write a function to compute their intersection.
    Example:
    Given nums1 = [1, 2, 2, 1], nums2 = [2, 2], return [2].
    Note:
    Each element in the result must be unique.
    The result can be in any order.
    
    2.Given two arrays, write a function to compute their intersection.
    Example:
    Given nums1 = [1, 2, 2, 1], nums2 = [2, 2], return [2, 2].
    Note:
    Each element in the result should appear as many times as it shows in both arrays.
    The result can be in any order.

## <a href="http://blog.csdn.net/alivirus/article/details/53219789">442. Find All Duplicates in an Array</a>
    _16/10/08_
    
    Given an array of integers, 1 ≤ a[i] ≤ n (n = size of array), some elements appear twice and others appear once.
    Find all the elements that appear twice in this array.
    Could you do it without extra space and in O(n) runtime?
    Example:
    Input:
    [4,3,2,7,8,2,3,1]
    Output:
    [2,3]
    
## <a href="http://blog.csdn.net/alivirus/article/details/53221391">448. Find All Numbers Disappeared in an Array</a>
    _16/10/08_
    
    Given an array of integers where 1 ≤ a[i] ≤ n (n = size of array), some elements appear twice and others appear once.
    Find all the elements of [1, n] inclusive that do not appear in this array.
    Could you do it without extra space and in O(n) runtime? You may assume the returned list does not count as extra space.
    Example:
    Input:
    [4,3,2,7,8,2,3,1]
    Output:
    [5,6]

# **continue updating**
